# Meeting Minutes Template (OO-ACS Project)

**Meeting Type:** [Weekly / Emergency]
**Date:** [YYYY-MM-DD]
**Time:** [HH:MM]
**Location/Platform:** [e.g., Reid Library / Discord Voice]
**Attendees:** [List names of those present]
**Apologies:** [List names and reason, if known]

---

## 1. Review Previous Action Items

*   [Action Item 1 (Owner)] - Status: [Done / In Progress / Blocked] - Notes: [Updates]
*   [Action Item 2 (Owner)] - Status: [Done / In Progress / Blocked] - Notes: [Updates]
*   ...

---

## 2. Progress Updates & Review (Ref: Report 1.2, 5.3, 6.1)

*(Brief updates per member, focus on tasks completed, current work, and any blockers. Refer to Kanban/GitHub Projects.)*

*   **Stephen Beaver (Lead/Infra):**
    *   Updates:
    *   Blockers:
*   **Kelly Snow (Auth/Security):**
    *   Updates:
    *   Blockers:
*   **Prem Patel (RBAC/Financial):**
    *   Updates:
    *   Blockers:
*   **Muhammad Qureshi (Session/Perf):**
    *   Updates:
    *   Blockers:
*   **Kai Fletcher (Testing/QA):**
    *   Updates:
    *   Blockers:
*   **Pull Request Review Status:** [Note any PRs needing review or discussion]

---

## 3. Sprint Planning / Review (Ref: Report 1.1 - Weekly Meeting)

*(Focus for the weekly Monday meeting)*

*   **Review Goals from Previous Sprint/Week:**
    *   [Goal 1] - Achieved / Partially Achieved / Not Achieved
    *   ...
*   **Plan Goals/Tasks for Next Sprint/Week:**
    *   [Task 1] - Owner: [Name] - Priority: [High/Med/Low]
    *   [Task 2] - Owner: [Name] - Priority: [High/Med/Low]
    *   ...
*   **Update Kanban/GitHub Projects:** [Confirm board reflects current plan]

---

## 4. Technical Discussion / Design Decisions

*   **Topic:** [Specific issue, design choice, technical challenge]
    *   **Discussion:** [Summary of points raised]
    *   **Decision/Outcome:** [Record agreed approach or next steps]
*   **Topic:** ...

---

## 5. Documentation & Standards Check (Ref: Report 1.2)

*   **Wiki Updates:** [Any required/completed updates]
*   **Code Documentation:** [Any specific areas needing attention]
*   **Standards Compliance:** [Any deviations or clarifications needed]

---

## 6. Issues / Concerns (Ref: Report 1.3)

*(Address any team issues, attendance concerns per protocol, etc. May be skipped if none.)*

*   [Note any specific concerns raised or discussed]

---

## 7. Other Business

*   [Any other topics not covered above]

---

## 8. Action Items Summary

*(Consolidated list of new action items from this meeting)*

| Action                                   | Owner(s)   | Due Date   |
| :--------------------------------------- | :--------- | :--------- |
| [Specific task agreed during meeting]    | [Name(s)]  | [YYYY-MM-DD] |
| ...                                      | ...        | ...        |

---

## 9. Next Meeting

**Date:** [YYYY-MM-DD]
**Time:** [HH:MM]
**Location/Platform:** [e.g., Reid Library / Discord Voice]
**Type:** [Weekly] 